so you have a symbol now you have this
wand symbol and you're marking the
strong syllables so you've got up and
low what's the next
one anybody want to take a shot somebody
who hasn't spoken yet yeah you have a
shot you there in the blue shirt uh soft
and hard okay soft and hard yep on the
next line okay um what other ones do
people see that that you think are
strong do you have one right here you
you and the cute hat um wetness and
Royal yeah wet okay so the syllable
would be wet and Royal right okay so
that second one has four strong
syllables right soft hard wet Royal
let's say the line all together some
people get confused if you think too
much you can overthink and get confused
it always helps to listen use your body
use your ear so let's all say this
second line together aloud ready one two
three through sof and hardness your
wetness and Roy okay one more time
through your softness and hardness your
wetness and Ro and a Roy roing of course
is that kind of bubbling boiling feeling
that things Happ when you kind of turn
over um so I wonder it's related to the
word oil sometimes you can learn a lot
by looking at the history of a word so
yeah so the four beats you all heard
them when we did it together
right so what about the next line may I
rock in your mystery speaking in a hole
let's do it together and then I'd like
everyone to just put a wand over the
syllables that feel the strongest to you
so one two three may I rock in your
mystery speaking and whole
where did you have
them yeah